docs(treeview): update the rename node kb (#1793)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/treeview-rename-node.md

---
title: How to Rename a TreeView Node

> description: Learn how to edit the name (text) of a treeview node and explore the example that demonstrates a possible approach with an ItemTemplate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to edit the name (text) of a TreeView node and explore the example that demonstrates a possible approach with an ItemTemplate. 
```

---
title: How to Rename a TreeView Node
description: Learn how to edit the name (text) of a Treeview node and explore the example that demonstrates a possible approach with an ItemTemplate. 
type: how-to
page_title: How to Rename a TreeView Node?
slug: treeview-kb-rename-node
position: 

> tags: edit, rename, tree, treeview, node, item

Reviewer 2: Tags should make sense outside of context. "Node" and "item" are too general. But you can use template if you like.

```suggestion
tags: telerik, treeview, tree, edit, template
```

## Description

> This KB article answers the following question:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This KB article answers the following questions:
```

>  - Is there any way I can edit the node text within a Blazor TreeView? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Is there any way I can edit the node text within a Blazor TreeView? 
 - How can I let the user rename a node?
```

## Solution

> Use the `ItemTemplate` to define the desired UI and UX for editing and how the node text will render. For example a button to initiate editing, a TextBox to modify the name of the node, a button to save the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `ItemTemplate` to determine the node text's rendering and customize the editing UI. For example, you can define a button that initiates editing, a TextBox that modifies the node's name, and another button that saves the changes.
```

                    Icon = SvgIcon.FilePsd,
                    Expanded = true
                });
            items.Add(new TreeItem()
                {
                    Id = 5,
                    Text = "index.js",
                    ParentId = 3,
                    HasChildren = false,
                    Icon = SvgIcon.Js
                });
            items.Add(new TreeItem()
                {
                    Id = 6,
                    Text = "index.html",
                    ParentId = 3,
                    HasChildren = false,
                    Icon = SvgIcon.Html5
                });
            items.Add(new TreeItem()
                {
                    Id = 7,
                    Text = "styles.css",
                    ParentId = 3,
                    HasChildren = false,
                    Icon = SvgIcon.Css
                });
        }
    }

    public class TreeItem
    {
        public int Id { get; set; }
        public string Text { get; set; }
        public int? ParentId { get; set; }
        public bool HasChildren { get; set; }
        public ISvgIcon Icon { get; set; }
        public bool Expanded { get; set; }
    }
}

> ````

Reviewer: Add a See Also section with up to three related links.

    <TreeViewBindings>
        <TreeViewBinding>
            <ItemTemplate>
                @{
                    Item = context as TreeItem;

                    if (Item.Icon != null)
                    {
                        <TelerikSvgIcon Icon="@Item.Icon"></TelerikSvgIcon>
                    }
                    @if (!IsEditing)
                    {
                        <span style="margin-right: 1em;">@Item.Text</span>
                        <TelerikButton Icon="SvgIcon.Pencil" OnClick="@Edit" FillMode="flat"></TelerikButton>
                    }
                    else
                    {
                        <span @onclick:stopPropagation="true">
                            @* Stop the treenode from taking focus when you click in the textbox *@
                            <TelerikTextBox @bind-Value="@Item.Text" @ref="@TextBoxRef"></TelerikTextBox>
                        </span>
                        <TelerikButton Icon="SvgIcon.Save" OnClick="@Save" FillMode="flat"></TelerikButton>
                    }
                }
            </ItemTemplate>
        </TreeViewBinding>
    </TreeViewBindings>
</TelerikTreeView>

@code {

>     private TelerikTextBox TextBoxRef { get; set; }
> 
>     private List<TreeItem> FlatData { get; set; }

Reviewer 2: We usually put the data collection first.

```suggestion
    private List<TreeItem> FlatData { get; set; }

    private TelerikTextBox TextBoxRef { get; set; }
```
